= NativeSupport

NativeSupport is a project whose aim is to identify areas of the
{ActiveSupport}[http://as.rubyonrails.org/] library that lend themselves to
optimization with native code implementations, and provide those implementations
as API-transparent replacements.

NativeSupport is currently in the experimental stages but I would like to get
more people involved and begin releasing it as a gem. Since each native
implementation is useful on its own, the project lends itself to incremental
releases.

The following methods currently have native code implementations:

* ActiveSupport::Inflector.camelize
* ActiveSupport::Inflector.underscore
* ActiveSupport::Inflector.dasherize
* ActiveSupport::Inflector.ordinalize
* ActiveSupport::Inflector.demodulize
* ActiveSupport::Inflector.constantize
* ActiveSupport::CoreExtensions::Float::Rounding#round_with_precision

=== Checking it out

If you'd like to take the code for a spin, here's how:

  $ git clone git://github.com/outoftime/native_support.git
  $ cd native_support
  $ ruby extconf.rb
  $ make
  $ ruby test.rb

This will run a simple test/benchmarking suite that compares NativeSupport's
implementations to their pure-Ruby equivalents, as well as ensuring that the
output is the same for equivalent methods.

=== Contributing

If you think this is an interesting project, please contribute! Send me a pull
request on GitHub, and if your work looks good, I'll add you as a committer to
the main repo.

=== This is free software

This software is released in the public domain. The author(s) relinquish all
copyright on this work to the maximum extent permitted by law.
